

===== PAGE 21 =====

Click here to go back to Table of Contents 
 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
1. Draft a storyboard to convey it in a concise presentation, which can simply be a series of 
empty slides in a PowerPoint that students populate with their ideas. Perhaps a simple and 
effective demonstration of how to present a storyboard is by Leila Gharani, a prominent 
YouTuber who specializes in Microsoft product demonstrations. She presents information 
clearly and concisely. She is not the only person who specializes in this space, but she is well 
known with several million subscribers. She has produced a video that covers screen 
recording and recording a slideshow.  How to Easily Make a Video 🎞️ in PowerPoint 
(Slideshow & Screen Recording). Alternatively, students may want to search the internet for 
other videos to get ideas on how to use Storyboarding. Students are not bound to use this 
storyboard demonstration. Students are encouraged to pursue other methods if they are easier 
or workable. 
 
To assist students in developing a narrated PowerPoint, consider the following video 
examples: 
 
• How to Record Narration for a PowerPoint Presentation For Dummies: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZp3jumnWUg 
 
• Microsoft Office Support: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/record-a-slide-show-
with-narration-and-slide-timings-0b9502c6-5f6c-40ae-b1e7-e47d8741161c 
 
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/video-add-and-record-audio-eeac1757-5f20-
4379-95f2-0d0cd151d5b8 
 
2. The whole slideshow presentation should be no longer than five minutes. There is no 
minimum or maximum amount of slides. Just fall within the time limit. I suggest targeting 
about 10 slides. 
 
The late policy for deliverable four is the same as for prior deliverables. It is important that 
students provide their presentations in a timely manner, as it is a near-end-of-semester 
submission. 
 
Click here to go to the Deliverable Four Template 
Click here to go to the Deliverable Four Grading Rubrics 
 
Note: I cannot stress enough to students how important it is to rehearse presentations, so 
mistakes are minimized during the recording and have proper timing. If a student experiences 
physical challenges speaking clearly, consult the Office of Accommodations for alternatives such 
as closed captioning.  
 
Last Slide: References (Citations) (APA 7th Edition) 
 
See the D1.5 References. In the last PPT slide, all work in the project must be cited section for 
specific examples. 


===== PAGE 22 =====

Click here to go back to Table of Contents 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
Submission Requirements 
 
Save the file as a PPT. Name the PowerPoint Slide Show file to D4_Your Last Name 
Upload the PPT into Brightspace under Deliverable Four, according to the syllabus instructions 
and due date. 
Click here to go to the Deliverable Four Grading Rubrics 
 
Deliverable Five: Reflection 
 
Course Learning Outcomes Addressed 
 
CLOs one through six. 
Deliverable Five Project Learning Outcomes: 
 
1. Integrate employer-desired competencies to develop highly valued employer-desired skills. 
2. Construct and analyze a comprehensive financial profile of a nonprofit organization using 
real-world data and field-based observations. 
3. Analyze real nonprofit financial data and interpret nonprofit operations from a nonprofit 
accounting and financial management perspective. 
4. Defend evidence-based financial recommendations under realistic operational constraints in a 
nonprofit context. 
5. Communicate financial insights and reflect on experiential learning to demonstrate 
professional judgment, analytical thinking, and applied competency development. 
 
Deliverable Five is designed to critically review how the combination of learning nonprofit 
accounting and financial management concepts from the textbook and the signature term project 
helps students better learn the course learning objectives.  
 
Deliverable Five Reflections is a two-part process to help develop oral and written presentation 
competency skills of a comprehensive experiential learning project.  
Deliverable Five is solely an individual effort.  
 
D5 Tasks: 
 
For this deliverable, students must complete the tasks below. It is important that students become 
familiar with and follow the D5 grading rubric for each task. 
 
Click here to go to the Deliverable Five Grading Rubrics 
